(doc) Add release notes and highlights for upcoming Chocolatey products (#1134)
chocolatey/docs: src/content/docs/en-us/choco/release-notes.mdx

- Fix - Searching for specific version on a NuGet v3 only feed returns no results - see [#3396](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3396).
- Fix - Credentials from configured source are used for a non-configured source when the URL is similar - see [#3565](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3565).

## 1.4.3 (February 10, 2025) \{#v1.4.3}

### Bug Fixes

- Fix - Unable to upgrade packages on certain authenticated feeds - see [#3613](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3613).
- Fix - Trace warning is outputted even when `--trace` argument is not used - see [#3621](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3621).

> - Fix - Update bundled 7zip executables to v24.09 - see [#3625](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3625).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fix - Update bundled 7zip executables to v24.09 - see [#3625](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3625).
```

## 1.4.2 (Unreleased) \{#v1.4.2}

<Callout type="info">

>     Due to a previous bug in 1.4.1, which is being corrected in 1.4.3, the artifacts from the 1.4.2 release have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Due to a previous bug in 1.4.1, which has been corrected in Chocolatey CLI v1.4.3, the artifacts from the 1.4.2 release have been removed.
```
